For the most part, we pay our general state and federal taxes just like
everyone else. Um, for the time I joined, I just, like, sign some
sheet of paper and didn't worry about it again. But other people are,
ah, lot slicker than me, and this is what I mean. You always keep
your home of record. My home of record is California, which means that
I'll be a California resident no matter where I am. But for instance,
when I was in Washington, Washington doesn't require state taxes,
so there's a way that you can still be a California resident. But
you signed the paperwork so that your ah, Washington resident, which
means that you don't have to pay state taxes and California is your
home of record. So you still get the benefits of still being associated
with California. You could go to the all the universities, uh,
that you want to You could get, uh, you could go to State college and
still have all all that access. However, for tax filing purposes,
uh, your your tax free I think Florida is like that as well. So, um,
you just have to look at what your state, um, how you state covers
active duty personnel and then take advantage of it that way.